---
title: Terms of Service
---

# Terms of Service ("Terms")

Last updated: October 18, 2018

Please read these Terms of Service ("Terms", "Terms of Service") carefully
before using the [https://gatsby-mail.netlify.com][website] website (the "Service")
operated by Gatsby Mail ("us", "we", or "our").

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and
compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and
others who access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you
disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service. This
Terms of Service agreement for Gatsby Mail is managed by [the Terms and
Conditions Generator](https://termsfeed.com/terms-conditions/generator/).

## Links To Other Web Sites

Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are
not owned or controlled by Gatsby Mail.

Gatsby Mail has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the
content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or
services. You further acknowledge and agree that Gatsby Mail shall not be
responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused
or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any
such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or
services.

We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies
of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.

## Termination

We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior
notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation
if you breach the Terms.

All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination
shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership
provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.

## Governing Law

These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of
California, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be
considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held
to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these
Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement
between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior
agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.

## Changes

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms
at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days
notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material
change will be determined at our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become
effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to
the new terms, please stop using the Service.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.

[website]: https://gatsby-mail.netlify.com
